globo [ __ ] warming god dammit this is
a real actual issue like in no time of
it was this [ __ ] heat that's outside
this clock that I got right here is
gonna [ __ ] look like a salad or dolly
[ __ ] painting someone needs to do
something about this luis got global
warming or climate change whatever the
[ __ ] you will call it deniers honestly
it's enough evidence that's the bikini
sizes I'm going down oh this is what
people were and now people they looking
at this by the way we're coming out in
20-30 years dying Antarctica is gonna be
a [ __ ] tiny ass desert island with
the bearded stinky man talking to a
[ __ ] beach ball with some health and
two eyes drawn with blood like honestly
the [ __ ] statue of liberty is
probably going to have to become a
stripper that [ __ ] dress it's not
appropriate for the amount of heat there
is and we all know that the argument of
any denial of climate change is probably
going to melt with this planet's ice
caps what could possibly argue that you
know the sea level isn't rising and it's
just people are becoming so [ __ ]
obese that it's actually just a
continent sinking into the bottom of the
ocean I guess I guess that would
probably also explain the amount of cow
farts you know one can only speculate
honestly people if we don't fix this
problem then I'm just gonna I'm just
gonna have to
I'm gonna cry okay I'm gonna cry if we
don't fix the problem I don't have to
cry and you don't want to see me cry
what are you to these you know uh
deniers local warming isn't real because
it's cool where I live today [ __ ]
kill me you have no idea how it actually
works just look at the [ __ ] grab look
at this one look at this image and tell
me that that ice cap didn't become
smaller and cause these four [ __ ]
penguins to have to bundle on a [ __ ]
iceberg honestly it's so goddamn hot
corn on the cob is probably turning it
to [ __ ] pop corn on the cob by now
climate changes real guys we're all
gonna die by 2050 but guys seriously
here is my biggest concern we need to
stop global warming look at the [ __ ]
killing Aquaman keep this up honestly I
think I'm gonna move my room into the
inside of my fridge I guess it's not
that bad if we don't fix this problem
then I'm just gonna I'm just gonna have
to I'm gonna cry okay I'm gonna cry
Oh
No